"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston Churchill
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." — Walt Disney
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." — Henry David Thoreau
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." — Thomas Jefferson
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." — Winston Churchill
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." — Vidal Sassoon
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." — John D. Rockefeller
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." — Albert Schweitzer
"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." — Maya Angelou
"If you really look closely, most overnight successes took a long time." — Steve Jobs
"There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure." — Colin Powell
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." — Bo Bennett
"I never dreamed about success. I worked for it." — Estée Lauder
"Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value." — Albert Einstein
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well." — John D. Rockefeller Jr.
"All progress takes place outside the comfort zone." — Michael John Bobak
"Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out." — Robert Collier
"Opportunities don't happen, you create them." — Chris Grosser
"What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise." — Oscar Wilde

21. "Growth is painful. Change is painful. But nothing is as painful as staying stuck somewhere you don't belong." — Mandy Hale
22. "The only way to grow is to challenge yourself." — Unknown
23. "Comfort is the enemy of progress." — P.T. Barnum
24. "You don't have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." — Zig Ziglar
25. "An investment in knowledge pays the best interest." — Benjamin Franklin
26. "The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." — Unknown
27. "Strive for progress, not perfection." — Unknown
28. "Growth begins at the end of your comfort zone." — Unknown
29. "What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." — Henry David Thoreau
30. "The capacity to learn is a gift; the ability to learn is a skill; the willingness to learn is a choice." — Brian Herbert
31. "Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself." — Rumi
32. "If you are not willing to risk the usual, you will have to settle for the ordinary." — Jim Rohn
33. "Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow." — Anthony J. D'Angelo
34. "Every day is a chance to become a better version of yourself." — Unknown
35. "Change your thoughts and you change your world." — Norman Vincent Peale
36. "The best way to predict your future is to create it." — Abraham Lincoln
37. "We cannot become what we want by remaining what we are." — Max DePree
38. "Knowledge is power. Information is liberating." — Kofi Annan
39. "Self-growth is tender; it's holy ground. There's got to be a sense of safety before that happens." — Stephen Cope
40. "You are never too old to set another goal or dream a new dream." — C.S. Lewis

41. "Positive anything is better than negative nothing." — Elbert Hubbard
42. "Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you." — Walt Whitman
43. "The mind is everything. What you think, you become." — Buddha
44. "Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results." — Willie Nelson
45. "Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude." — Zig Ziglar
46. "It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters." — Epictetus
47. "Stay positive. Better days are on the way." — Unknown
48. "Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement." — Helen Keller
49. "A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes." — Wade Boggs
50. "Choose to be optimistic. It feels better." — Dalai Lama
51. "Happiness is not by chance, but by choice." — Jim Rohn
52. "Every moment is a fresh beginning." — T.S. Eliot
53. "The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." — Winston Churchill
54. "Surround yourself with only people who are going to lift you higher." — Oprah Winfrey
55. "Where there is no struggle, there is no strength." — Oprah Winfrey
56. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." — Theodore Roosevelt
57. "Be the energy you want to attract." — Unknown
58. "You are confined only by the walls you build yourself." — Andrew Murphy
59. "A calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence." — Dalai Lama
60. "Turn your wounds into wisdom." — Oprah Winfrey

61. "Life is what happens when you're busy making other plans." — John Lennon
62. "In the end, it's not the years in your life that count. It's the life in your years." — Abraham Lincoln
63. "Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated." — Confucius
64. "The purpose of our lives is to be happy." — Dalai Lama
65. "Get busy living or get busy dying." — Stephen King
66. "You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough." — Mae West
67. "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." — Thomas Edison
68. "Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it." — Charles R. Swindoll
69. "The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and the day you find out why." — Mark Twain
70. "Whoever is happy will make others happy too." — Anne Frank
71. "Do not let making a living prevent you from making a life." — John Wooden
72. "Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood." — Ralph Waldo Emerson
73. "The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step." — Lao Tzu
74. "It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." — Aristotle
75. "Tough times never last, but tough people do." — Robert H. Schuller
76. "The best revenge is massive success." — Frank Sinatra
77. "Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage." — Anaïs Nin
78. "Nothing is impossible. The word itself says 'I'm possible'!" — Audrey Hepburn
79. "Life is short, and it's up to you to make it sweet." — Sarah Louise Delany
80. "What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." — Ralph Waldo Emerson

81. "The future depends on what you do today." — Mahatma Gandhi
82. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." — Sam Levenson
83. "Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment." — Jim Rohn
84. "Action is the foundational key to all success." — Pablo Picasso
85. "You don't have to be extreme, just consistent." — Unknown
86. "We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit." — Aristotle
87. "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." — Jim Ryun
88. "Either you run the day or the day runs you." — Jim Rohn
89. "Do the hard jobs first. The easy jobs will take care of themselves." — Dale Carnegie
90. "Small daily improvements are the key to staggering long-term results." — Unknown
91. "There is no substitute for hard work." — Thomas Edison
92. "Make each day your masterpiece." — John Wooden
93. "Today's accomplishments were yesterday's impossibilities." — Robert H. Schuller
94. "The harder you work for something, the greater you'll feel when you achieve it." — Unknown
95. "Energy and persistence conquer all things." — Benjamin Franklin
96. "Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds." — Gordon B. Hinckley
97. "It always seems impossible until it's done." — Nelson Mandela
98. "Hustle in silence and let your success make the noise." — Unknown
99. "You don't get what you wish for. You get what you work for." — Daniel Milstein
100. "Do something today that your future self will thank you for." — Sean Patrick Flanery
